the top five free websites to learn a
new marketing skill before the pandemic
a lot of businesses were still in the
position of completely ignoring online
or digital marketing and they just
relied on foot traffic of people walking
by the store but once a pandemic started
in lots of countries they decided to go
down into lockdown and basically put a
full stop to a lot of these businesses
which sucks and a lot of them either
went out of business or they had to
learn marketing and the ones that
learned marketing got good at it it
translated into success and more money
so if marketing in general and digital
marketing in particular was already
booming in early 2020 they're now at
peaks and they're going to keep getting
bigger and bigger and if you want to
ramp up your marketing skills to
leverage that trend
how do you know which websites are the
most reliable places to learn that new
skill because if you actually go to the
wrong place to learn marketing it can
actually hurt you and that's the big
problem with learning marketing today
many websites try to convince you that
they know what's the best for you and
they really don't offer much i mean
universities from colleges charging 997
dollars to even people selling that
ebook for 9.97 when you can just get
that stuff for free after all there are
two main things that you need to avoid
when it comes to learning marketing the
first is the very academic away this is
totally disconnected from what the
market will ask you secondly you don't
want to be learning marketing through
generic advice generic advice is
somewhat helpful maybe can help you
understand some concepts but it's not
going to really teach you how to execute
and i've seen people go through both and
they're just a waste of time so let's
dive into the five sites there's
google's fundamentals of digital
marketing it's free with a certification
if you're getting started in digital
marketing and you want to learn from one
of the most reliable sources out there
this is a course for you comes with 26
modules that's so many i can't even hold
up my hands with the amount of fingers i
need that's a lot of modules spanning
from marketing planning to paid ads to
social media marketing to local seo even
video marketing it'll offer a broad
overview of everything that you need to
know to get started it offers iab
accredited certification and only takes
40 hours
second one for you often monster digital
marketing training and it's free
this course is focused on one areas
where i created the most
business results for myself and my
clients and that is email marketing
email marketing is incredibly helpful
tool for your marketing arsenal as my
old buddy john reset i haven't seen him
in years more of acquaintance he would
call the email list to atm because every
time he sent out an email blast
cha-ching the money would just roll it
even if you only know the basics you
can't really skip email marketing
something is better than nothing when it
comes to email marketing learning the
advanced stuff is even better it doesn't
have any type of certification but the
value you get with the lessons is well
worth it
the next one of course neilpatel.com
courses if you go to the training
section on neil patel there's training
on everything seo social media heck
there's even courses just on like
facebook or instagram or twitter or
linkedin there's literally courses on
everything and it's free with homework
assignments cheat sheets and assignments
for you to complete with the correct
answers so that way you know if you're
doing a good job
and it'll break down everything that you
need for any marketing topic and that's
all we keep it up to date i'm also
playing with accreditation on the neil
patel training and i haven't decided if
i'm going to do it yet but if you're
interested in me releasing accreditation
or free training certificate let me know
in the comments and if enough of you say
yes i'll consider doing it the next one
and this is number four copy bloggers
internet marketing for smart people this
is a great course because it integrates
a few skills into a framework for you to
build an online business from content
marketing to direct response copywriting
it'll help you get the most best
fundamentals that you need to capture
people's attention because did you know
that a human's attention span is less
than a goldfishes you need that
copywriting course beyond that it'll
help you reach new audiences and
targeting in many of new effective ways
because it teaches you how to persuade
people with words and this course has
been around since 2006 where more so
copy blogger has but they keep updating
it and releasing new stuff last but not
least ppc university by word stream this
list wouldn't be complete if i didn't
have anything related to paid ads it's
one of the most efficient and effective
ways for you to get traffic yes seo is
great and i love it and i tell everyone
to do it but you need results now and
paid advertising can help you get there
right away may not be profitable at
first but through some fine tuning and
learning the strategies that you learned
from wordstream and applying it you can
start generating some sales and
conversions